 ## Angular Class Project

This project is a simple Angular application that demonstrates some basic concepts of TypeScript, including interfaces, union types, and inference.

### Prerequisites

To run this project, you will need to have Node.js and npm installed. You can download Node.js from the official website. Once you have installed Node.js, you can install npm by running the following command in your terminal:

```
npm install -g npm
```

### Project Setup

To set up the project, clone the repository to your local machine and run the following command in your terminal:

```
npm install
```

This will install all of the necessary dependencies for the project.

### Running the Project

To run the project, run the following command in your terminal:

```
ng serve
```

This will start the Angular development server and open the application in your default browser.

### Code Overview

The project consists of a single component, `AppComponent`, which is defined in the file `app.component.ts`. This component has a number of properties, including:

* `firstname`: A string property that stores the first name of a person.
* `lastname`: A private string property that stores the last name of a person.
* `age`: A number property that stores the age of a person.
* `boolean`: A boolean property that stores a true or false value.
* `address`: A string property that stores the address of a person.
* `email`: A string property that stores the email address of a person.
* `color`: A number property that stores the color of a person.
* `aged`: A union type property that can store a number, string, or boolean value.
* `obj1`: An object property that stores an object of type `Objectname`.
* `obj2`: An object property that stores an object of type `Objectname2`.
* `array1`: An array property that stores an array of numbers.
* `array2`: An array property that stores an array of strings.
* `mixedArray`: An array property that stores an array of mixed types (strings, numbers, and booleans).

The `ngOnInit` method of the component is called when the component is initialized. In this method, the `firstname` property is set to the value `Tobi`, the `aged` property is set to the value `20`, and the `mixedArray` property is iterated

Generated by [BlackboxAI](https://www.blackbox.ai)